Previously on
Will Trent
- I love you.
- I love you too.
You know there's only one way
this ends. Faith.
With him in prison.
And where does that leave me?
And if we could go back.
I would introduce myself
as Faith.
But we'd still end up
right here.
Because you rob banks.
And I arrest people
who rob banks.
I looked into the worms.
Fascinating thing is
they can grow up to 30 feet
inside human intestines.
They have six rows of teeth.
Th-They can live inside you
for years without any symptoms.
I don't think we've met.
-Will.
-Oh. you're Will.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
This is your family.
I'm your family.
It's not just you
heading into danger.
You trust me
to take care of her?
That's what
this stage of love is. I guess.
I'm stupid.
No. you're drunk.
Step. Again.
Do you think
he'll text?
Nope.
I thought he was the one.
After three drinks
and 15 seconds of OTP?
Girl. I told you
Hello?
- I think
I'm gonna puke.
- Ugh.
Not in my dress. It's vintage.
Here. don't fall in.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
So. all babies are cute. right?
Just not this one.
No. they are not all cute.
but ours will be
because she's ours.
She's gonna be cute.
CPR week is gonna be so easy
for a cop and a doctor.
- Oh. I hope so.
- I hope so.
Last week's swaddling
was harder than med school.
Uh. we got this.
Does your baby's safety
amuse you?
- Uh. no. we were just. um--
- Hey. y'all.
I'm Ingrid.
I'll be teacher this week.
In 2023. 6.4% of newborns
died in accidents.
Let's keep your baby alive.
shall we?
-8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14
-9. 10. 11. 12. 13 Yep.
-So. your baby can breathe.
-Yay!
-But what about the fire?
-What fire?
A fire has started!
Where is
the closest extinguisher?
-Is there one in every room?
-Oh.
What is your evacuation plan?
Too late. baby's dead.
Try again?
- You guys big readers?
- Yeah.
Are your bookshelves secure?
Crushed! Baby's dead.
Again.
-Blinds on your windows?
-Yeah.
Don't want that sun
to wake the baby.
Strangled!
-Baby's dead. We got it.
-Baby's dead.
Did you know the victim.
Paxton Cole?
Yes. very well.
Paxton Cole was
a leader on campus.
Honor roll.
president of his fraternity.
What fraternity is that?
Delta Chi Kappa.
- He was a boy
with a very bright future.
Chancellor B.
the Boozy Booster brunch
is starting in ten minutes.
Sheila. I'm very aware
of the time. thank you.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sorry. am I keeping you
from your Boozy Booster brunch?
My apologies.
There's a lot going on.
It's homecoming week.
Alumni are already arriving.
Such a terrible time
for something like this.
Yeah. you know.
such an inconvenience.
but this young man is dead.
I sound callous.
forgive me.
It's just that
this is the university's
biggest fundraising period.
I'm sure you understand.
Where'd you go to school.
Special Agent?
I earned my degree online.
Oh.
Well. that's the great thing
about America. isn't it?
Education for all.
no matter how humble.
How was Paxton as a student?
Did he ever get into trouble.
any conflicts with classmates?
You can't think Paxton
was targeted deliberately.
That courtyard
where he was found.
that's city property.
He was either mugged
or he interrupted a drug deal.
This is about Atlanta.
Paxton Cole was stripped
to his underwear
and left in front of
the university like a dead rat.
duct tape over his mouth
with words written across it.
Whoever killed him
is making a statement.
This isn't about
stealing a wallet.
Sir. the Wine and Winners
dinner party sent back
your rough draft.
They made a lot of changes.
Thank you. Sheila.
Special Agent Trent.
this situation is tragic.
I'd like to
see the matter wrapped up
as quickly as possible.
Do you need any help?
Any other resources?
I'll do my humble best.
See. that's the problem
with Generation Z.
They're lazy.
Always talking about.
"Protect my peace."
Can't even pedal a bicycle.
-You know. back in my day--
-You sound like
you are 10.000 years old.
If you don't
let these kids live
Delta Chi Kappa
is just right up here.
Wait up. assholes.
I'm pregnant.
- Hey.
- How'd you find us?
I used Find My Friend
to track Faith.
-Hi. friend.
-Hi.
-Wait. you guys
track each other?
-Yeah.
I'm your partner.
You should track me.
How was the parenting class?
Terrible.
I killed my baby in more ways
-than I thought was possible.
-Oh.
This place is so fancy.
80K a year?
Yeah. a total rip-off.
I never even finished college.
I'm doing great.
Yeah. you're 38
with a roommate.
-Hey.
-Okay. careful.
APD. We need to talk to you
about your frat brother.
Paxton Cole.
I did say that out loud. right?
-You did.
-Okay.
-That's sketch.
-Mmm. yep.
APD. we asked you a question.
Paxton's not here right now.
Hey! Pledges don't speak.
Clean out your mouth now.
- Hey. hey. hey!
We was talking to him.
The rest of you.
think about it.
Listen. I'll haul all of you
into the station
if somebody doesn't answer.
Your frat brother
Paxton Cole is dead.
So I need everyone to speak.
or I'll arrest you for hazing.
which is illegal
in the state of Georgia.
Wait. the body they found.
that was Paxton?
-You. what's your name?
-Sean. but the guys
call me Legacy.
It's not my fault.
So. Griffin.
your nickname is Badger.
That's interesting.
You know. badgers can be
quite aggressive
when threatened.
Did you ever feel threatened
by Paxton?
I swear I didn't hurt him.
Hmm.
So why were you avoiding us
like an ex you cheated on?
I was afraid my
business might be implicated.
What business? Is it illegal?
Well. so. as a business major
with a minor in graphic design.
I'm always looking for gaps
in supply side markets
to use my specific skill
set to fulfill the unique needs
of college students.
You make fake IDs.
That is a federal crime.
Badger.
-Please don't tell my parents.
-We'll see.
I want to know about Paxton.
Was he a part of
your little economic venture?
No. ma'am.
But last night at the party.
we were running low on beer.
-so he and Sharkey
said they'd--
-Sharkey
I need real. full names.
Oh. Greg Sharkens.
he's another DK.
They went to pick up some kegs.
Using fake IDs.
Yeah. that was the last time
I saw them.
Both of them?
-You know where?
-To get beer.
I don't know where.
Was there any beef
between the two of them?
-I mean. no.
not that I know of.
-Huh.
-Can I go?
-No. Badger.
Federal crime. remember?
Do you have any idea
where your brother Sharkey is?
No. sir. Haven't seen him. sir.
I don't know
where they went for beer.
We can't always go to
the same liquor store because
Fake IDs. We know.
Sharkey?
Nah. I haven't seen him.
Not for a bit.
You ever see Paxton
and Sharkey argue?
Fight over a girl?
Those two. they were day ones.
Besties. sir.
Sharkey?
No. he'd never hurt Doorbell.
Doorbell? You mean Paxton?
-That's what
everyone called him.
-Why?
Get outta here.
Go. Get out.
No one has heard
from Sharkey today.
Everyone says they were tight.
no bad blood.
The victim went by "Doorbell."
That's all we've got.
That's the yield of
three trained detectives.
Maybe we get them
off their home turf.
make 'em squirm?
I got something better.
The belly.
The Lasso of Truth.
Go ahead. mama.
Oh. my God. Oh. wait.
Ma'am. hold on. Are you
Should I call somebody?
Oh. no.
I still got
a ways to go. I just
Sometimes I gotta stretch.
you know.
Her head is
up against my lungs.
It makes it hard to breathe.
Well.
do you need a chair?
Oh.
that would be great.
actually. Sean.
Thank you.
Is this your first?
-Yeah. Yeah. it is.
-Wow.
- Well. you must
have chill parents.
My dad wants me engaged
before I graduate.
married next year.
with a kid on the way
the year after that.
- That's a lot of pressure.
- Yeah.
I guess that's why
they call you Legacy. though.
Fifth generation.
Wow.
You're missing last year.
Yeah. a pledge broke it.
What was the punishment
for that?
Put tape over their mouth?
What? No.
What you saw out there.
it's not punitive.
It's a show of commitment.
Well. shows of commitment
can get pretty cruel.
Was Paxton involved
in stuff like that?
I'm just thinking
maybe a pledge
wanted to pay him back.
No. You don't get it.
Pain shared is pain halved.
but loyalty earned
is loyalty for life.
That's what makes us brothers.
Wait. all right.
Help me out with this. though.
According to all of you.
he was king of the campus.
Mr. GAU. but in my experience.
people at the top.
they have enemies.
Is there not one person
who had a problem with Paxton?
Sean.
I'm trying to get justice
for your brother.
There is one person
who hated Paxton.
Yeah?
Paxton shared a private video
into a group chat.
It got leaked.
and the entire campus saw it.
Sex tape?
You have to tell me
who was in it.
Sean. who was it?
We're the girls of B-I-T.
yellow and blue.
that's synergy!
Beta Iota. bold and true.
sunshine gold and ocean blue!
We shine bright.
we always glow.
Beta pride. now let it show!
B-E-T-A I-O-T-A.
We run the house.
we slay the day!
Beta Iota Theta. say it loud!
Sisters together.
strong and proud!
B. hey. I. hey. T-H-E-T-A. hey!
Beta Iota Theta all the way!
Welcome home. sister!
Not a Beta. APD.
Oh. thank God.
Because that was terrible.
More smiles. more volume.
more bouncing!
Go practice. triple flats.
Now!
Triple flats?
Flat chest. flat ass.
flat face.
We've had
a rough pledge semester.
I'm looking for
the sorority president. Brit?
I'm Brit.
Guess you're here about Paxton.
Are you sure there isn't
someplace a little more private
we can talk?
This is a sorority.
There is no private.
Well. I think you can guess
what I want to talk
to you about.
The sex tape.
I understand it got leaked.
I'm sorry you had to
go through that.
Do you mind
just taking a little break
from what you're doing.
come sit for a minute?
We have an alumni tea
next week.
There is a lot to do.
We're way behind.
Look.
Paxton was a scumbag.
but I didn't want him to die.
Well. you have every right
to be upset with Paxton.
I can't talk about it. okay?
I signed an NDA. got paid out.
and bought a Porsche.
Life goes on.
Who made you sign an NDA?
Brit.
if you were being recorded
without your consent.
that is against the law.
No NDA can--
Just forget about
the damn sex tape. okay?
Listen. Paxton almost ruined
college for me.
Do you really think
I'd let him ruin my future too
by getting arrested
for killing him?
Don't touch me.
It sucks about Doorbell.
but no way is Brit a killer.
Do you know
why he was called Doorbell?
Oh. because. you know.
when you push a doorbell
and it goes. "Ding-dong."
-Uh
-You know. like ding
Oh. got it.
All DK boys are
garbage.
What? No. not all.
Manny is such a sweetie.
Uh. Manny gave you an STD.
-He also got me a Z-Pak.
-Manny sounds like
a real catch.
-Yeah.
-Man whore.
Not like we can do anything
about it. though.
DKs are untouchable.
-Why is that?
-Because they're so cute.
Because Sean's dad works
for the university.
Chancellor Bixby.
No police reports
were found
Badger's being arraigned
for the fake IDs. but his alibi
checked out for last night.
He's being released today.
-Well. his arraignment
will be a DK first.
-What do you mean?
That fraternity hasn't had
a single complaint
filed against it
in over ten years.
Not even a noise complaint?
There are churches
with worse records.
Guess who happens
to be a member?
Chancellor Bixby.
And guess what else?
Angie says so was his son Sean.
Well. no wonder
their record's so spotless.
Hey. Faith. uh.
this letter was delivered
to the deputy director.
but is addressed to you.
It's from
the Fulton County Jail.
Should I have it returned?
No. um. I'll take it.
Caroline. Thank you.
Okay.
Oh. my goodness.
-You've gotten
quite a few already.
-Okay. thank you. Caroline.
Okay.
Those letters from Malcolm?
The victim's financial records
just came in.
The card was last charged
at The Beer Depot.
You dodged that question.
There's a time
and a place. Will.
And this is neither.
It's closed.
Why. yes. Faith.
this is a new suit.
What color. you ask?
Well. it's called "admiral."
So. it's blue.
You're a true innovator.
I've got Paxton's file
right here.
Yep. this is his truck.
Well. the killer must have
abducted him from here.
Faith.
Two sets of clothes.
Oh. no.
We found Sharkey.
Damn.
Second body. Sharkey.
"Fortitude."
Hey. Ormey. what was the word
taped on Paxton's mouth?
Loyalty.
Whatever this is really about.
it's not over yet.
Your sister
sent stuff for the baby.
and they all have
strawberries on them.
Oh. I don't know
if that's a redhead thing.
- We're gonna have to
shut that down.
-What's up with this?
-Uh. I
I made the nursery death-proof.
Look. see those blinds?
No strings.
-Fire extinguisher? There.
-Oh.
The bureau? Bolted to the wall.
All the cabinets are locked.
See?
Works with a magnet.
Whoa.
Although. if the magnet comes
loose and the baby swallows it.
her intestines will twist
and she'll die in our arms.
-Baby's dead.
-No.
You did amazing.
This whole system.
This is great.
No. no. no. it's not great.
I just I-I need to
I need to start over.
My gut told me to go with
the spring-loaded latches.
- Oh!
- Whoa! Watch out!
Baby's dead.
Baby is not dead.
Baby is right here.
I just I
Okay.
I think I have something
that'll cheer you up.
-Really?
-Yeah. hold on.
How do you
-Is it this move you're doing?
-No. shut up.
What is happening?
-No. it's better. I hope.
-'Cause that's good.
Okay.
Okay. so
When I was at GAU.
I saw this flyer.
and the lecture is open
to the public.
"Guests of the Gut.
Taenia solium and the history
of human parasitism."
This is awesome.
Yeah. For some people.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
-I'm going.
-I'm so glad.
Hey. so listen
You're a brilliant doctor
and an amazing husband.
-and I'm a pretty
kick-ass cop. right?
-Mm-hmm.
So together
we're gonna
crush this baby thing.
Don't say crush.
Yes.
Victim one died from drowning.
Victim two from hypothermia.
That's where
the differences end.
They both had alprazolam
in their systems.
-That's prescribed for anxiety?
-Correct.
Toxicology screening showed
they had nearly three times
the recommended dosage.
along with
high blood alcohol levels.
The killer might've
spiked their drinks.
Could mean
they were at the party.
With a dosing that high.
they were likely
extremely compliant.
Yeah. Sharkey probably
crawled into that ice chest
on his own free will.
passed out.
and didn't even try to escape.
Oh. they also had
this in their stomachs.
Is that gold?
How the heck
did they ingest gold?
- Oh. easy. Goldenkränz.
- Goldenkränz.
Seriously?
It's like a cinnamon liquor
with little gold pieces in it.
Pete. you gotta
get out of this morgue
and live a little. man.
I have quite
the robust social life.
My calendar is
booked out for months.
- All right. the methods.
the details
These murders are vengeance
for something specific.
We need to find out what.
Will's gonna take another run
at the chancellor.
If he can convince him
that his son's in danger.
maybe he'll talk.
I'll talk to a couple of
those Beta girls.
They seem to have experience
with the DKs.
You and me?
You got it.
Touch grass. Pete.
-Okay.
-Brit cannot know we're here.
She would roast us for
missing door chant practice.
Oh. my God. I look like
a completely different person.
Like. it's giving
superhero alter ego realness.
Ladies. two students are dead.
We're trying to stop
anyone else from getting hurt.
Can you focus. please?
Okay. We're gonna share
some of the case details.
Some of it may be hard to hear.
You tell us
if anything rings a bell.
Yes. ma'am.
Both victims were staged
in a specific way.
They were both found
in just their underwear.
Does that mean anything to you?
No.
I mean.
frat boys are like toddlers.
All they wanna do
is run around naked.
The victims also had
Goldenkränz in their system.
Sound familiar?
Gross. No. no one drinks that.
Wait. what about the. um
Ugh. the DK Gatsby party?
-Right.
-Mm-hmm.
Everything was gold-themed.
They were giving out
Goldenkränz shots. but
that was. like. a year ago.
I mean. I only remember because
that kid died around that time.
-Say more.
-What kid?
It was so sad.
He was such a cutie too.
I totally gave him a chance.
but he said he already
had someone.
And he was at the Gatsby party?
-Yeah. he was a DK pledge.
-Name?
Need a name.
One second.
Of course. Mrs. Guggenheim.
whatever you need.
I'm seated with
the GBI right now.
He assures me
an arrest is imminent.
Okay.
Call anytime. Goodbye.
-A lot of concerned parents
out there.
-Mmm.
You being one of them.
Your son Sean's a DK.
as were you.
It all makes sense.
You tried to protect him.
tried to protect
the fraternity.
but all you've really done is
paint targets on their backs.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Detective.
-Are you
-Special Agent.
What I'm talking about
is DK's spotless record.
That's you
cleaning up their mess.
shielding them
from any accountability.
That is a gross
misrepresentation.
These are good boys.
School gives them
and every student
an environment for them
to learn and grow.
not be scrutinized
for the slightest misstep.
Chancellor.
I believe one of these missteps
is the reason Paxton Cole
and Greg Sharkens are dead.
More DKs may be in danger.
including your son.
I need to know
what motivated these attacks.
Motivated?
I do not pretend
to know your job.
Special Agent.
but I cannot see
how victim blaming
is the best course
for keeping these kids safe.
and that is my priority.
Angie is calling.
Ask the chancellor
about Barry Evers.
Tell me about Barry Evers.
Barry Evers. Yes.
Terrible.
Young man was overwhelmed.
Unable to cope with the rigors
of an elite university.
Got intoxicated
one frigid night.
got lost in the woods.
and died from the elements.
Tragic accident.
Chancellor says Barry's death
was a tragic accident.
-Agent.
who are you speaking with?
-One sec.
-What? No.
-Barry's death was way sus.
No one goes wandering
around the woods late at night
-for no reason.
-Yeah.
There is extremely limited
media coverage of the death
and no mention of him
being a DK pledge.
My sources say
Barry's death was way sus.
"Way sus"?
Where are you getting
this information?
You know. he was a DK pledge.
yet somehow
the fraternity's name
is out of the press entirely.
Was there an autopsy?
I don't recall.
-Did the family
request an inquiry?
-If they had
Did you talk 'em out of it?
Damn it.
your students are dying!
It was a terrible accident!
It has no relevance here!
Bixby says
Barry has nothing to do
with these deaths.
What do you think?
I think we need to ask Barry.
- Like a séance?
- Close .
We're gonna exhume his body.
Come in.
Hey. Will. Oh. hey. uh--
Hey. do me a favor
and brace your core.
I see so many herniated discs
from battles lost
to IKEA's LAGKAPTEN.
Oh.
-Okay. Hello.
-Yeah.
Angie. I think. is down at APD.
No. I just saw her.
We just had lunch.
Um. I actually
I came up to see you.
- Can I give you
a hand with that?
You know. if you don't mind.
I lost my cuff link.
-It's gotta be in here
somewhere. So
-Sure.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-You just wanna go out?
-Here we go.
-One. two. three. go.
So. uh. you wanted to see me?
Right. yeah. Um. there's this
There's this guest lecture
coming up at GAU.
It's all about human parasites.
I thought
you might be interested.
Why. yes. You know. I
I would find that interesting.
Um
-I don't see it back there.
-No. not this side either.
Okay. let's go back.
-Yep.
You know. Angie and I
went to this baby class.
I don't know if she told you.
Uh. but it kind of
freaked me out.
Made me wanna really shore up
the village around this kid.
you know?
Sure. Hmm.
My family.
they're all up north.
and Angie's family is.
you know. you.
So. I thought
it might be good if we. um
if we became friends.
Aren't we sort of
already friends?
Yeah. I guess
in a non-friends friends
kind of way.
Will?
-Oh. Hey. Seth.
-Hey.
-What are you guys doing?
-We're looking for
Will's cuff link.
You finish
the exhumation autopsy?
Oh. yeah.
I got it ready for you.
Oh. hey.
Look at this. I found it.
Did you say exhumation?
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
You got a few minutes?
Well. it's gooier
than I was expecting.
I envisioned The Mummy.
-That's a great movie.
-Very underrated.
I think the sequel is superior.
Darkened tissue that persists
after a year of decomposition.
Thoughts. gentlemen?
All right. Pete.
- Frostbite?
- Correct.
Finding two:
Small hemorrhages
in the stomach
and pancreatic lining
-known as Wischnewski spots.
-Hypothermia. right?
One point to Dr. Seth.
though you had the edge there.
Whoa. are there points?
Not a competition.
but it is also a tie.
Moving along. Splinters found
embedded in his feet
from hickory. black locust.
and cedar trees.
Sounds like he was walking
barefoot in the forest.
That's another point. right?
Yet the responding officers
noted he was found
fully dressed.
Huh.
Speaking of clothing. Pete.
what was the victim buried in?
Oh. suit's there.
I haven't examined it yet.
-Ready for the next finding?
-Yeah. bring it on.
Trace amounts of adhesive
found in the tissue lining
of his inner lips.
teeth and tip of his tongue.
-His mouth was taped shut?
-Yep.
And lastly. gold flakes
found in his stomach.
Goldenkränz.
- Correct.
- Hey.
Hey. Dr. Seth is really
running away with this. Will.
I'm sorry.
This young man was murdered.
I'm not engaging
in a competition.
Because you're losing.
That's correct.
Well. whatever happened
to this poor kid.
the official story
does not match
the evidence on the body.
Because Barry probably
died in his underwear
just like
our present-day victims.
Someone later dressed him.
left him to be found.
Whoever killed Paxton
and Sharkey.
they know the truth
about Barry's death.
Maybe even helped cover it up.
This is a note that Will found
in Barry's burial suit.
presumably tucked in
by someone at the funeral.
"I will never forget."
And this is a photo that Angie
took of Brit's handwriting.
Words on the duct tape
were all caps.
so we couldn't
match them conclusively.
But these two samples.
they match.
I was able to track down
the filing of Brit's NDA.
and I'm still trying to get
access to specific details.
but it was filed
the day after Barry's death.
So the damn NDA
was never about the sex tape.
It was about Barry.
I've been doing this a while.
A million bucks says
the sex tape was a diversion.
Barry dies.
they leak the sex tape.
Suddenly.
no one's talking about Barry.
What if Brit was dating Paxton.
but also had
a secret relationship
with Barry?
Paxton found out.
led to Barry's death by hazing.
The guilt got to be too much.
She finally snapped.
Secrets will do that to you.
Now she's exacting revenge.
Anyone involved
could be in danger.
If Paxton and Sharkey
were there that night.
then so were Badger and Sean.
Those four were inseparable.
Go. Get Sean. Chancellor Bixby
and this Wolverine.
-Badger.
-Whatever.
Put them in protective custody.
And we'll deal with
whatever they did to Barry
once this is done.
And find Brit
before she kills somebody else.
-Oh. hey. Toothbrush.
-Hey.
Where's Sean
and Badger?
I haven't seen 'em.
but they're probably
at the quad.
There's a memorial
for Paxton and Sharkey.
All the houses are going.
Why do you still
have the toothbrush?
It's disgusting.
Commitment.
Okay. Uh. let's split up.
I'll go to the quad.
you sweep the house.
make sure they're not there.
No. I'll go to the quad.
I'm taller.
Hopefully. I can spot
these two in a sea
of Zack. Jakes and Joshs.
- All right.
sounds good.
Hey. Georgia.
Georgia.
we're looking for Brit.
Have you seen her?
Like an hour ago.
She was headed
towards the woods.
The same woods
where Barry was found?
-I think so.
-Hopefully we're not too late.
APD. Anybody here?
Sean?
Badger?
Clear!
Let's get a light
on this tree line!
Brit!
It's GBI
Special Agent Mitchell.
We know you're out here.
Badger!
Baby girl.
Somehow. your momma is
still not used to this belly.
even though it feels like
I've been pregnant with you
for a year.
Brit.
Badger.
Brit!
Sean!
Ormewood! Mitchell!
Come over here!
She's alive.
Is that Barry?
Sean.
Oh. God. Sean.
This is Detective Polaski.
I'm at
the Delta Kappa Chi House
on the GAU campus.
I need immediate backup.
and alert Special Agents
Mitchell and Trent that
the killer is Sean Bixby.
Ugh.
Sean.
Let's not do this.
You should go.
I'm burning it all down.
Because of Barry.
No. you don't understand.
I know you cared about him.
Cared?
No. I loved him.
Then I couldn't even
say his name.
No one would even talk about
what happened.
So let's talk about it.
Tell me what happened
the night he died.
I'm listening.
I I should've stopped him.
It was the night
of the Gatsby party.
Barry was drunk
and spilled his drink on me.
I was such a bitch.
I told Paxton he needed to pay.
It was just supposed to be
a pledge walk through campus.
But Paxton and Sharkey
kept piling on.
until Barry was naked.
in the woods.
drunk. soaking wet.
saying he was sorry
over and over.
And that's when Badger
taped his mouth shut.
Because pledges don't speak.
Isn't that right. Badger?
And we left him there
to find his way back.
I left him there.
He never came home.
So. the next morning.
we all went looking for him.
And he was still in the woods.
and he had covered himself
with leaves and branches
to stay warm.
He looked so small and pale.
He was dead.
Why didn't I stop them. huh?
I know you want to
stop them now.
but it won't bring him back.
This isn't what Barry
would want for you.
Do you know
what Barry would want?
To not die alone in the woods.
Sean called his dad.
Chancellor Bixby.
And. uh. he told us to just
put clothes on Barry and leave.
The next day a lawyer showed up
with an NDA.
I didn't mean for him to die.
I'm so sorry.
My father said
we just have to move on.
Like Barry never existed.
To protect our futures.
He said
that was all that mattered.
But Barry mattered.
I know he did.
Stay back.
Please just get out of here.
I'm not going to do that. Sean.
I'm here with you.
We can break the cycle.
you and me.
Hey. look at me.
Sean
don't do this to us.
APD!
Sean Bixby. you're under arrest
for the murders of Paxton Cole
and Greg Sharkens.
Did you find the killer?
How's my son? Is he safe?
We have the killer in custody.
And my son. can I see him?
As I said.
we have the killer in custody.
No.
No. that's
that's not possible.
I need to speak to Sean.
Talk to him.
He has requested
that the two of you
don't have contact.
He'll be seeking
his own legal counsel.
I suggest
you reach out to yours.
Wait. I What?
You're facing charges
of conspiracy. obstruction.
and child endangerment
for orchestrating the cover-up
of Barry Evers's death.
But Sean
Why Why would he?
You did everything to protect
the future you wanted for Sean.
You never stopped to ask
if it was the future he wanted.
Hey. I'm about to call
Barry Evers's family.
What's the DA got to say?
They're going
for manslaughter for Badger.
And the girl?
She's helping out with the case
against the chancellor.
Turns out that he helped
cover up dozens of crimes
committed by that frat.
which. by the way.
is losing their charter.
And to think
a pair of secret lovers
could cause so much tragedy.
You're only as sick
as your secrets.
You want to talk about it?
No.
I look at you.
and the career you've had.
and what it's cost.
And. in my head. I know
that what we do. in the end.
it matters.
Now tell me
what's in your heart.
I don't know
if I can do this job anymore.
For a doctor.
you sure squirm a lot.
Hey. I saw you look away
when they were
extracting the parasite
from that dude's eye.
-That was disturbing.
-I know.
Hey. guys. What's all this?
Ang. hey. have you
ever heard of feeler gauges?
I have not.
but now you have two.
Yeah. not just that.
but I got a set of V-blocks.
I got a dead-blow hammer.
Look at that.
And check this out.
Japanese pull saw. Epic.
Wow.
I have you to thank for this?
We stopped at
the hardware store
after the lecture.
Ang. I've decided I'm going
to make all of the baby's toys.
So I need I need a table saw.
Whoa.
We'll get to table saws.
-Baby steps.
-Wha
Hey. why don't I order dinner?
Thai?
-No pork.
- No pork.
- Uh-uh.
-Okay.
-I can't do that.
Even thinking
about pork right now.
I'm not sure I'm hungry.
Yeah.
-So. saws.
-Yes. tell me.
-Band saw.
-Yeah.
Miter saw. Band saw's great
for curves and
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm